hey guys it's bryan topic of this video
what the heck is going on with all the
latest releases there have been so many
in the past few weeks being crazy to
keep up with them we've got the puma V 1
11 and a puma V 1 11 SL which were
released last week we got the nike
tiempo for which was released yesterday
its release the regular version on the
elite version we got the preds today
alone released into new colorways at
david beckham and a running white
version diadora released the 11am last
week and a few o yellow which is
supposed to have this like crazy
soleplate that this person's heat or
something John play i'm interested to
test them out so hopefully i get pair
soon we got the under armour blur which
were released a few weeks back and yeah
it's been hectic it's been crazy and
they between i've been trying to review
boobs right here we've got the adidas
adipower predator the review should be
up tomorrow on the website i'm going to
confirm tonight one or two things at
training where than one last time to
make sure I've got everything set so
stay tuned for that tomorrow other thing
is going on I've got the Umbra
speciality speciality our pro right here
these were sent over from the guys at we
got soccer calm and yeah like a look at
these boots to got kanga light upper and
kanga leather upper should i say i'm
looking forward to testing I'm gonna
break them up pretty soon also Maggie
sent over the vapor seven Safari and
I've already reviewed the super fight
version which is on the website it
sounds our clits 101.com and but i
personally prefer the vapor series i've
tested the vapor seven already so it
should be pretty similar but before we
getting these out and getting some good
pictures in them
and on my feet right now I've got the 95
Street ghetto which is the nikes lays
street soccer soccer shoe sorry and yeah
I look forward to getting out I actually
took it out here today keep throwing the
ball as you do and on the street
downstairs so cool but funny to my
neighbors I'm sure but fun times and I
think that is everything right now that
covers at all and so yes I go to South
cleats 101 tomorrow to check out the how
deep our predator review or head over
right now and check out the Safari
Superfly Safari of you it's also posted
and thanks for watching talk again soon